Added resource and attributes creation for the SDK set up (#1584)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io: content/en/docs/instrumentation/java/manual.md

If you are an application developer, you need to configure an instance of the
`OpenTelemetrySdk` as early as possible in your application. This can be done
using the `OpenTelemetrySdk.builder()` method.
The returned `OpenTelemetrySdkBuilder` instance gets the providers related to the 
signals, tracing and metrics, in order to build the `OpenTelemetry` instance.

You can build the providers by using the `SdkTracerProvider.builder()` and
`SdkMeterProvider.builder()` methods.

> It is also necessary to define a `Resource` instance as a representation of the
> entity producing the telemetry. It can bring attributes and the `service.name` is
> a mandatory one.

Reviewer: It's not really "necessary"/"mandatory", you can create an SDK instance without it and you won't get any error. It's still highly recommended though:
```suggestion
It is also strongly recommended to define a `Resource` instance as a representation of the
entity producing the telemetry; in particular the `service.name` attribute is
the most important piece of telemetry source-identifying info.
```

Author: Yeah, it's a bad usage of "mandatory" ... I was thinking that without that attribute you don't have a way to filter in the Jaeger UI AFAIK.

For example:

```java

> AttributesBuilder attributesBuilder = Attributes.builder();
> attributesBuilder.put(ResourceAttributes.SERVICE_NAME, "logical-service-name");
> Attributes attributes = attributesBuilder.build();
> 
> Resource resource = Resource.create(attributes, ResourceAttributes.SCHEMA_URL);

Reviewer: Let's keep the default attributes set too:

```suggestion
Resource resource = Resource.getDefault()
  .merge(Resource.create(Attributes.of(ResourceAttributes.SERVICE_NAME, "logical-service-name")));
```
